README.md, before:

# Electron to Browser Connection with Simple Peer

This combines [Electron Quick Start](https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/quick-start) with [Realtime Communication with WebRTC](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/webrtc-web/#0) Signal Server from Codelabs with [Simple Peer](https://github.com/feross/simple-peer).

It runs a Socket.io signal server, then a peer connection over webRTC using Simple Peer between Electron and the browser. Electron serves the signal server. This currently runs over localhost on port 3000. 

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/lisajamhoury/Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example
# Go into the Electron application folder
cd Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/electron_app
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the Electron app — this will start the signaling server in Electron
npm start
# In a new command line window, go into the client folder
cd Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/browser_client
# Install dependencies 
npm install
# Run a simple python server on your localhost 
# If python 2
python -m SimpleHTTPServer 
# If python 3
python -m http.server

# To make changes to client, run watchify in separate command line window
npm run watch
```

## License

[CC0 1.0 (Public Domain)](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Add note about binary example for windows to readme

README.md, after:

# Electron to Browser Connection with Simple Peer

This combines [Electron Quick Start](https://electronjs.org/docs/tutorial/quick-start) with [Realtime Communication with WebRTC](https://codelabs.developers.google.com/codelabs/webrtc-web/#0) Signal Server from Codelabs with [Simple Peer](https://github.com/feross/simple-peer).

It runs a Socket.io signal server, then a peer connection over webRTC using Simple Peer between Electron and the browser. Electron serves the signal server. This currently runs over localhost on port 3000.

For Mac OS use master branch or [binaryexample branch](https://github.com/lisajamhoury/Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/tree/binaryexample). For Windows, use [binaryexample branch](https://github.com/lisajamhoury/Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/tree/binaryexample) only. Windows 10 does not allow for two apps to simultaniously use the webcam, so the master branch getUserMedia example will not work.

## To Use

To clone and run this repository you'll need [Git](https://git-scm.com) and [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (which comes with [npm](http://npmjs.com)) installed on your computer. From your command line:

```bash
# Clone this repository
git clone https://github.com/lisajamhoury/Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example
# Go into the Electron application folder
cd Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/electron_app
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run the Electron app — this will start the signaling server in Electron
npm start
# In a new command line window, go into the client folder
cd Electron-to-Browser-Simple-Peer-Example/browser_client
# Install dependencies
npm install
# Run a simple python server on your localhost
# If python 2
python -m SimpleHTTPServer
# If python 3
python -m http.server

# To make changes to client, run watchify in separate command line window
npm run watch
```

## License

[CC0 1.0 (Public Domain)](LICENSE.md)
